added -c flag + example to documentation (#1968)
aiven/devportal: docs/tools/cli/service.rst

    - The name of the service
  * - ``--cloud``
    - The name of the cloud region where to deploy the service; check :ref:`avn-cloud-list` for more information
  * - ``-c KEY=VALUE``

>     - Apply a configuration setting. See 'avn service types -v' for available values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Apply a configuration setting. Run ``avn service types -v`` to view available values.
```
